2011-06-05

PrivateEye bugs/todo list
-------------------------

Classes: BUG         - a bug which needs fixing
         REFACtor    - a code improvement with no functional change
         ENHancement - an improvement to something existing
         FEAture     - an entire new feature


BUG - Load/Save
Build a data transfer library capable of correctly handling simultaneous FFG
conversions and app-to-app RAM transfers. (CBLibrary's Loader exists to do the
same job already... and RISCOS_Lib is also available for inspection).

BUG - Tags
1,024 byte buffer size (line length) limit when hit causes data loss.

BUG - Tags
Allow spaces in tags by allowing quotes around tags in the tag db.

BUG - Effects
If you save the image when editing is in effect then you also get the temporary
images saved out too in a multi-sprite file.

BUG - Cache
Unsafe files, such as files from app-to-app transfers, are cached when disposed
of. They should be thrown away entirely. Need a flag to indicate 'unsafe'.

BUG - Load/Save
FFG it seems may say 'This is a TIFF' in the message header but on disc the
file type will be set to Data. Need to allow the message header file type to
override the disc file type.



REFAC - General
Add a window_redraw_all function to redraw the entire window workarea and
factor out calls which do the same in treeview.

REFAC - General
Separate out memory management for individual components so that they're
accessed through a memory manager struct (like Bitstream Font Fusion / TLS
Plus / other third party libraries do to insulate themselves from their host
environments).

  typedef struct memmgr_t {
      void *(*malloc)(size_t size);
      void *(*calloc)(size_t count, size_t size);
      void *(*realloc)(void *ptr, size_t size);
      void (*free)(void *ptr);
  } memmgr_t;

This will let us write more specialised memory managers appropriate to the
implementation.

REFAC - General
Fix the function naming across entire system:

  component_externalthing(),
  component__internalthing()

REFAC - General
Make better use of reference counting, e.g. reference count clipboard
initialisations and initialise that from the display/viewer code rather than
eye.c.

REFAC - Effects
(Try to) make the effects window an image observer window.



ENH - Clipboard
Improvements to clipboard handling. It's not always obvious why something does
not paste. e.g. ^C a JPEG in PrivateEye then try to paste in OvPro it won't
paste as OvPro does not list &C85 in its accepted file types list.

ENH - Tags
'Stars' -- a class system for tags and additional behaviours in the tag cloud
so that we can implement five star rating type controls. See separate document.

ENH - Tags
Tag backups could do with being more intelligent. e.g. backing up based on
elapsed time since previous backup. Presently it just copies whatever was there
before which means the backup is at risk of being of something recently
corrupted.

ENH - Viewer
Allow mouse events to be configured using the keymap.

ENH - Keymap
Don't obliterate a user's keymap when upgrading, either warn (query the user
"Do you want this upgraded?") or merge.

ENH - Effects
Extend the range of allowable blurs further.

ENH - Tags
Put "Tags for <file>" in the tag cloud titlebar.

ENH - Keymap
Report errors in keymaps (ideally quoting line number and error details).

ENH - Tags
Tag/detag clicks are slow as the entire database is re-queried and highlights
re-populated. Need to allow fast bypasses which keep both the tag cloud and tag
db up to date and in sync.



FEA - Load/Save
Save as JPEG.

FEA - Load/Save
ZX Spectrum format screen loader.

FEA - General
Add another imageobwin user, e.g. a window which logs image events.

FEA - General
Add a formatted message list window. Use this to report nonfatal errors and
logging.

FEA - Tags
Allow multiple sets of tags and tag clouds.

FEA - Effects
Trim/Crop/Resize/Resample etc. etc.

FEA - General
Idea: FFG-to-IFG adaptor.
